hey everybody its Domino here and I
wanted to show you these getglue
stickers that came in the mail today I
completely forgot about them which is
funny because I think they took about
six weeks to get here but yeah they're
just real stickers from get glue if you
haven't used get glue in the before then
it's kind of like a check-in service for
movies and stuff you check into what
you're watching and it unlocks stickers
and achievements and things but yeah I I
was very surprised to to act that they
actually mail out there stickers I did
not i thought it was sort of a gimmick
or where they were just you know not
really going to do it but yeah they
actually came so you got my my Archer
Archer sticker see if I can focus in on
that there we go yeah but you can tell
that they they ship these way weeks
weeks in advance because I've earned
quite a few more stickers than this so
yeah go use get glue it's cool and all
the hip kids do it and it will make you
popular and it will make you have
friends and be successful in life and it
will make all your dreams and wishes
come true and it will give you true and
complete happiness maybe or you'll just
get like a sheet of stickers like I did
yeah anyway I do have gameplay videos
coming soon I'm in the process of
recording them have a couple from
warcraft 3 that i was going to upload so
thank you for watching and please leave
me a comment or anything if you have any
feedback for me peace